Update Entry and Terms: Python `request` (#928)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/requests-module/requests-module.md

---

> Title: 'Requests'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: 'Requests Module'
```

Description: 'The requests module is the de facto standard for sending HTTP requests in Python.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:

>   - 'Modules'
>   - 'APIs'
>   - 'Strings'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'Modules'
  - 'APIs'
  - 'Strings'
  - 'HTTP'
  - 'Requests'
```

CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`requests`** module is the de facto standard for sending HTTP requests in Python.

> It abstracts the complexities of making requests behind a simple API so that code can focus on interacting with services and consuming data in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It abstracts the complexities of making requests behind an [API](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/api) so that code can focus on interacting with services and consuming data in the application.
```

---
Title: 'Requests Module'
Description: 'The requests module is the de facto standard for sending HTTP requests in Python.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Modules'
  - 'APIs'
  - 'Strings'
  - 'HTTP'
  - 'Requests'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`requests`** module is the de facto standard for sending HTTP requests in Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`requests`** module is the de facto standard for sending [HTTP](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/http) requests in Python.
```

---
Title: 'Requests Module'
Description: 'The requests module is the de facto standard for sending HTTP requests in Python.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
Tags:
  - 'Modules'
  - 'APIs'
  - 'Strings'
  - 'HTTP'
  - 'Requests'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`requests`** module is the de facto standard for sending [HTTP](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/http) requests in Python.

It abstracts the complexities of making requests behind an [API](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/api) so that code can focus on interacting with services and consuming data in the application.

The HTTP request returns a Response Object with all the response data (content, encoding, status, etc).

## Installation

> Installing the `requests` module is done by running the following command in the terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing the `requests` module is done by running the following command in the [terminal](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/terminal):
```
